numprints: 50
The grammar file called "hamlet.g" contains 272 definitions.
# Hamlet Draft Num: 1

To hang in or not to hang in ? That is the question ! 
Should I hate to stand for the rubbish of dreadful affairs that result , 
Or to combat facing a plethora of misfortune and by protesting annul them ? 
To give up the ghost , to slumber , cut off 
And by a trance to say we vacate the dejections , and the dozen common clashes that human nature is holder to ! 
'Tis a fulfilment wholeheartedly to be thirsted for , To rest in peace , to trance 

To nap , horribly to have a hallucination . I may have a lot of dilemma if I oblivion ... 
for in that hibernation of demise what rubbish could arise 
when this life comes to a overthrow , will furnish us abeyance . 
There's the rationale that composes calamity of sheltering on this bight for too much time . 

For who would tolerate the horrible matters that arrive , 
lousy people's enmity , the grabbiness of the average affluent human . 
The discomfort brought in to being by bequeathing bestowing love to a human that does not lust for me return wise , 
the sovereignty's linger . 
The derision of authority , 
and the cold shoulders that the mild are entitled to of the unfit gains . 
when the fellow himself could conclude his experience with a evil dagger . 

which of you would take a disquiet to slog extraordinarily demanding below a bored story . 
We would not do so if we were not apprehensive of what comes succeeding death , 
the country later than our acumen confuses all spirit 
to the conditions where we would to rather stick with the diseases we are already acquainted with 
than jeopardize going to those we do not understand . 

my information composes us to review the procedures , 
and thus the characteristic tinge of one's own will is made sick over with the faded cast of speculation 
and the doings we conclude in the sultriness of the moment with this cause their motions shift 
and they wholly back pedals . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 2

Why should I go on existing like this ? That is the question ! 
Is it a astute thing to accept the hogwash of a unacceptable generation , 
Or to be insubordinate facing a abundance of troubles and by protesting conclude them ? 
To die , to trance , deceased 
And by a trance to say we put an end to the heartache , and the bulk of characteristic jolts that our species is title holder to ! 
I hanker for this in excess of life itself , To go the way of all flesh , to rest 

There is the chance that I could have a nightmare worse than death while I'm in this coma . Dammit , there's the quandry ... 
for in that snooze of dissolution what day dream may come 
when the afterlife absorbs us , has to chill out the advance . 
There's the cause that makes calamity of so long interval . 

Why Would I keep at it dealing with the lousy baggage that develop , 
lousy people's annoyance , the avarice of the intermediate filthy rich man . 
The pangs of disdained adoration , 
the judge's setback . 
When folks in seats of influence are profanatory to me , 
and when proceedings that are unacceptable pass to mild bourgeois of the unsuitable swindle . 
when the protagonist himself can cause himself to croak with a young grenade . 

whom would fardels bare to struggle uncommonly problematic down from a sleepy story . 
We would not do so if we were not afraid of what transpires later than doom , 
the homeland succeeding our knowledge confounds the initiative 
and makes us instead lug those pains we have 
than run to others we know not of . 

our information arranges us to rehash all conduct , 
and thus the natural shade of courage is sicklied or'e with the ghastly cast of cognition 
and tasks with abundant essence and moment with this rationale their currents divert 
and oust the meaning of performance . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 3

Could I suffer , or dispatch myself ? I have to kick this around ! 
Should I choose to go along with all the boo-boo's and blows of wicked chance , 
Or to take a 9MM pistol despite a abundance of misfortune and by warring against stop them ? 
To go the way of all flesh , to rest , gone 
And by a doze to say we overthrow the heavy chest , and the load of usual surprises that man kind is recipient to ! 
I need this to a greater degree than life itself , To rest in peace , to trance 

To sleep , assumably to day dream . I may have a lot of predicament if I sleep ... 
while I am in my coma what bunk could materialize 
when death exhausts us , is obliged to decrease the action . 
This could be the reason that arranges sorrow of dwelling on this universe for too much time . 

For who would stomach the corruption that is heaped up , 
the taskmasters crime , the rapacity of the undistinguished well off earth dweller . 
The agony in the heart of eschewed amity , 
the millennium it takes for a case to sift through the tribunals . 
The brazenness of authority , 
and when effects that are atrocious crop up to accommodating people of the good for nothing ransacks . 
when the moody man himself can eradicate his generation with a scary scimitar . 

whom would burdens lug to slog noticably hard underneath a sick life . 
Although that the fright of perseverance ensuing annihilation , 
the unfamiliar homeland from whose travelled no patrol reappears disconcerts the spirit 
to the standing where we would alternatively hold on to the maladies we are already familiarized with 
than imperil ourselves going to those we don't grasp . 

Thus conscience could make skulkers of us all, 
and thus the habitual tint of resolution is lost because we plan about it too much 
and business with vast substance and weight with this regard their streams deviate 
and they throughly blow it off . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 4

To be or not to be ? That is the question ! 
Weather 'tis refined in the faculties to acknowledge the nonsense of shocking luck , 
Or to turn against notwithstanding a expanse of suffering and by countering put an end to them ? 
To give up the ghost , to nap , deceased 
And by a nap to say we eradicate the despair , and the jillion constant shocks that society is receiver to ! 
I hanker for this to a greater degree than anything , To kick the bucket , to hibernation 

There is the chance that I could have a nightmare while I'm in this sleep . That's where the headache may transpire ... 
for in that sleep of annihilation what delusion may come 
when cessation squanders us , has to allow us abeyance . 
There's the grounds that spawns calamity of residing on this bight for too much time . 

For who would bear the lousy things that crop up , 
bad people's outrage , the pompous mans sneers . 
The pangs of hated yearning , 
the system's procrastination . 
The teasing of the masters of mankind , 
and the spurns that the imperturbable merit of the disreputable keeps . 
when the fellow himself could his death blow make with a exposed knife . 

who may I ask would heft a discord to sustain unfortunate pain beneath a bushed history . 
We would not do so if we were not afraid of what happens after the afterlife , 
the land subsequent to our apprehension disconcerts the desire 
and prepares us just as soon carry those conditions we possess 
than fly to others we don't grasp . 

my knowledge brings about us to review all actions , 
and thus the characteristic tone of one's own will is exterminated because we deliberate about it too regularly 
and the matters we execute in the fieriness of the juncture thinking about this they variate their arrangement 
and those we are conferring about throughly throw in the towel . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 5

To be or not to be ? I have to judge this ! 
Is it a good thing to stand for the malarkey of a sad lifetime , 
Or to be insubordinate facing a lake of suffering and by opposing abate them ? 
To kick the bucket , to sleep , no longer 
And by a nap to say we quash the grief , and the trillion commonplace scares that our species is heir to ! 
'Tis a effectuation zealously to be wanted , To perish , to nap 

While in this hibernation , I could possibly have a nightmare worse than death . Jesus Christ! , there's the can of worms ... 
for in that hibernation of cessation what day dream may come 
when we have scraped off this malignant rat race , is compelled to make us to reverse and plan for a small time . 
This could be the grounds that synthesizes hardship of hanging out on this universe for too much time . 

Who could live to stand up to the inferior conditions that develop , 
the ruffians perversion , the niggardliness of the average affluent tellurian . 
The misery brought in to being by permitting yearning to a lady that does not appreciate me return wise , 
the system's wait . 
When people in points of power are disrespectful to me , 
and the scorns that the enduring warrant at the possession of the unworthy . 
when the protagonist himself might induce himself to pass away with a shorn shank . 

who would hold a suffering to grumble a erection under a sick lifetime . 
Although that the consternation of something at a later time than doom , 
the commonwealth thereafter our comprehension muddles our fortitude 
and whips up us alternately carry those maladies we own 
than dash to others we don't get . 

my information composes us to reasses my operation , 
and thus the habitual hue of resolution is abolished because we think about it too repeatedly 
and the effects we accomplish in the sultriness of the juncture eye-balling this they shift their intention 
and the subjects of our ballad conclusively recant . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 6

Shall I bear with , or zap myself ? I have to kick this around ! 
Is it a brainy thing to put up with all the bruises and calamity of a unacceptable interval , 
Or to overthrow in defiance of a abundance of suffering and by opposing put an end to them ? 
To croak , to rest , lifeless 
And by a oblivion to say we kill the despair , and the lots of natural injuries that the populace is heir to ! 
'Tis a deed purposefully to be hunted , To pass on , to doze 

To trance , in all likelihood to have a hallucination . I may have a lot of crunch if I trance ... 
for in that snooze of the bitter end what bad things could take effect 
when this life comes to a stop , has to cause us to hideaway and deliberate for a sixtieth of an hour . 
This may be the regard that accomplishes adversity of sheltering on this amphitheatre for too much time . 

For who would acknowledge the whips and contempt of time , 
lousy people's annoyance , the parsimony of the regular well to do woman . 
The torment crummy misery of reviled yearning , 
the regime's setback . 
The scoffing of the masters of mankind , 
and when stuff that are atrocious pass to accommodating bourgeois of the good for nothing keeps . 
when the despondent man himself can his mercy stroke force with a scary lance . 

who may I ask would sholder a suffering to snort a good will under a exhasted lifetime . 
We would not do so if we were not frightened of what exists on the far side of the bitter end , 
the remote region from whose endured no exploration triumphs distracts all valor 
to the conditions where we would just as soon control the sicknesses we are already acquainted with 
than face going to those we don't grasp . 

Thus shame can make wimps of us all, 
and thus the habitual tone of courage is made sick throughout with the ghastly cast of speculation 
and undertakings with excessive substance and concern with this grounds their currents veer off 
and give up the label of action . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 7

Would I suffer , or call it quits ? I have to judge this ! 
Is it a smart thing to bear all the prejudices and disappointments of unspeakable happenings , 
Or to fight against counter to a expanse of difficulty and by countering obliterate them ? 
To perish , to slumber , deceased 
And by a slumber to say we quash the torture , and the thousand indigenous surprises that human nature is payee to ! 
I crave this in a superior way than being in a birthday suit in a babies bassinet with a well-formed lassie , To rest in peace , to doze 

There is the chance that I could have a dream while I'm in this rest . That's where the worrisome may arise ... 
while I am in my rest what malarkey could crop up 
when we croak , is compelled to slacken the technique . 
This can be the grounds that gives rise to disaster of residing on this being for too much time . 

Who could bear with to stand up to the horrible conditions that develop , 
the authoritarians wrong , the niggardliness of the humdrum propertied lady . 
The pangs of disdained amity , 
the bureaucracy's wait . 
When persons in situations of authoritativeness are ill-mannered to me , 
and when matters that are bad transpire to indulgent folks of the unfit swipes . 
when the protagonist himself can get things rolling himself to perish with a bald cutlass . 

who may I ask would fardels bare to hoist ghastly nuisance down from a sick life . 
We would not do so if we were not scared of what ensues subsequent to cessation , 
the nation from which no one ever returns disconcerts our valor 
and generates us more willingly sustain those evils we contain 
than rush to others we know not of . 

Thus scruples does make malingerers of us all, 
and thus the indigenous shade of one's own will is obscured because we think about it too much 
and the conditions we carry out in the fever of the time with this grounds their currents turn aside 
and they totally retreat . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 8

To run on or not to continue ? It's what I've been speculating on as of late ! 
Is it a clever thing to suffer all the boo-boo's and blunders of atrocious matters that pass , 
Or to combat notwithstanding a expanse of troubles and by being contrary to terminate them ? 
To croak , to trance , perished 
And by a hibernation to say we expunge the torment , and the ton of involuntary injuries that our kind is recipient to ! 
I crave this more than being au naturel in New Jersey with a cute lassie , To croak , to hibernation 

To hibernation , doubtless to have a delusion . 'Aye , there's the problem ... 
for in that trance of death what crap could take effect 
when we die , is directed to endow us interruption . 
There's the cause that prepares misfortune of so lengthened generation . 

Why Should I persist dealing with the perversion that is jammed in , 
the tyrants exploitation , the covetousness of the humdrum prosperous woman . 
The distress crummy agony of eschewed affection , 
the duration it takes for a petition to leak through the courts . 
When citizens in situations of jurisdiction are dis-gracious to me , 
and when doings that are crummy result to indulgent persons are caused by the unfit . 
when the guy himself might quash his interval with a unclad dagger . 

who would fardels bare to strive wonderfully arduous down from a flagging duration . 
We would not do so if we were not scared of what happens on the far side of doom , 
the place from which no one ever recovers confuses all desire 
and generates us instead carry those horrible situations we retain 
than bustle to others we do not understand . 

our info leads to us to emend my procedures , 
and thus the characteristic shade of one's own will is forfeit because we plan about it too regularly 
and the baggage we achieve in the warmth of the occurance with this grounds their currents get side-tracked 
and they completely resign . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 9

Why should I push on existing like this ? That is the question ! 
Is it a astute thing to bear all the ill-treatment and blows of inferior concerns that pass , 
Or to skip in front of a climbing shotgun as a result troubles and by disputing abrogate them ? 
To rest in peace , to doze , dead 
And by a slumber to say we extinguish the suffering , and the jillion indigenous consternations that our kind is title holder to ! 
'Tis a coup purposefully to be requested , To go the way of all flesh , to hibernation 

While in this snooze , I could possibly have a nightmare worse than death . 'Aye , there's the predicament ... 
for in that nap of the afterlife what day dream may come 
when mortality dissipates us , must wane the growth . 
There's the respect that synthesizes catastrophe of sheltering on this existence for too much time . 

Why Shall I live on dealing with the inferior stuff that take effect , 
awful people's rage , the conceited guys scornfulness . 
The pangs of disdained infatuation , 
the era it takes for a lawsuit to penetrate through the magistrates . 
When bourgeois in positions of authoritativeness are impolite to me , 
and when baggage that are sad take effect to enduring bodies of the unsuitable embezzles . 
when the unhappy man himself could induce himself to rest in peace with a bald lance . 

whom would struggling heft to express a broad and low vibration a devtion down from a bored experience . 
We would not do so if we were not scared of what approaches beyond the bitter end , 
the uncharted region from whose borne no questor recovers baffles the initiative 
to the whereabouts where we would more readily maintain the ills we are already familiarized with 
than jeopardize going to those we know not of . 

Thus scruples could make deserters of us all, 
and thus the inborn tone of one's own will is sicklied over with the pale cast of speculation 
and the affairs we conclude in the sultriness of the juncture with this regard their rivers veer off 
and they effectively chicken out . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 10

To be or not to be ? I have to get down to brass tacks on this ! 
Weather 'tis dignified in the head to stand for all the bruises and mistakes of unacceptable doings that materialize , 
Or to oppose despite a ocean of disaster and by opposing eradicate them ? 
To die , to rest , lifeless 
And by a coma to say we end the torment , and the agglomeration of inborn bewilderments that the populace is inheritor to ! 
I want this more than the whole caboodle , To croak , to rest 

While in this trance , I could possibly have a dream . I may have a lot of friction if I doze ... 
for in that rest of the afterlife what dream may come 
when this story comes to a dissolve , will force us to retreat to safety and analyse for a small time . 
There's the regard that generates hard times of so long duration . 

For who would endure the crummy conditions that develop , 
the coercers exploitation , the covetousness of the commonplace filthy rich human . 
The anguish induced by furnishing infatuation to a man that does not adulate me in reverse , 
the sovereignty's impediment . 
The ridicule of the masters of mankind , 
and when baggage that are crummy take place to indulgent folks of the ineligible gets . 
when the protagonist himself may kill his generation with a good torpedo . 

who would hoist a strain to grunt a perspiration down from a sick span . 
On the other hand that the fright of that which exists succeeding death , 
the alien nation from where no quest triumphs confuses our ambition 
to the circumstances where we would more readily control the evils we are already habituated to 
than bustle to others we don't understand . 

Thus scruples could make wimps of us all, 
and thus the innate tint of resolution is made ill or'e with the faint cast of cognition 
and the doings we achieve in the fever of the moment eye-balling this they swap their arrangement 
and drop the name of the undertaking . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 11

Could I self-destruct ? That is the question ! 
Weather 'tis approved in the faculties to swallow the beatings and bombs of dreadful stuff that materialize , 
Or to call it quits because of troubles and by protesting annihilate them ? 
To croak , to slumber , departed 
And by a snooze to say we vacate the grief , and the aggregation of native bewilderments that man kind is receiver to ! 
'Tis a pay-off passionately to be intended , To give up the ghost , to hibernation 

While in this trance , I could possibly have a hallucination . 'Aye , there's the rub ... 
for in that slumber of the end of life what nonsense could result 
when we have scuffled off this destructive terrene , is destined to give us interruption . 
There's the respect that forms suffering of sheltering on this sphere for too much time . 

Who could bear to stand up to the whips and contempt of time , 
atrocious people's resentment , the rapacity of the ordinary well off human . 
The agony created by supplying passion to a person that does not accord me devotion back , 
the judge's postponement . 
When citizens in seats of authoritativeness are contemptuous to me , 
and the rebuffs that the tolerant merit of the undeserving burgle . 
when he himself might annihilate his generation with a huge pink shiv . 

who may I ask would fardels bare to sustain gruesome provocation down from a tired span . 
Still that the apprehension of that which exists succedent to mortality , 
the kingdom on the other side of our understading puzzles our valor 
and synthesizes us more willingly hoist those maladies we bear 
than run to others we don't understand . 

Thus qualms could make babies of us all, 
and thus the habitual tint of courage is sicklied over with the haggard cast of cognition 
and the affairs we execute in the fieriness of the incident with this grounds their floods divert 
and those we are deliberating about absolutely blow it off . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 12

Shall I stomach , or blast myself ? It's what I've been wondering at this moment ! 
Weather 'tis heroic in the mind to tolerate the gloats and shotguns of wanton loss , 
Or to call it quits because of catastrophe and by protesting destroy them ? 
To expire , to coma , passed away 
And by a oblivion to say we put the kibosh on the despondency , and the aggregation of inborn bewilderments that man kind is receiver to ! 
I crave this to a greater degree than most things , To pass away , to nap 

There is the chance that I could have a mental picture while I'm in this oblivion . I may have a lot of botheration if I slumber ... 
for in that nap of mortality what crap could happen 
when this life comes to a end , is obliged to cool the action . 
This may be the grounds that leads to difficulty of so expanded span . 

For who would accept the inferior things that crop up , 
dreadful people's impatience , the self-important mans derision . 
The pangs of contemptible friendship , 
the state's stoppage . 
The chutzpah of authority , 
and the repudiation that the long suffering are entitled to at the grasp of the disreputable . 
when the fellow himself can motivate himself to perish with a smooth cutter . 

who may I ask would lug a agitation to travail acutely strenuous down from a overworked lifetime . 
Although that the apprehension of what comes on the other side of dissolution , 
the place from which no one ever reappears disorients the stamina 
and synthesizes us alternatively hoist those evils we possess 
than bustle to others we don't understand . 

Thus shame does make weaklings of us all, 
and thus the natural aspect of courage is lost because we conceptualize about it time and again 
and enterprises with tremendous vigor and consequence with this respect their motions shift 
and the subjects of our sonnet conclusively balk . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 13

To be or not to be ? I have to judge this ! 
Weather 'tis more elegant in the soul to continue suffering the gloats and bobkins of horrible chance , 
Or to kill myself as a result hardship and by warring against abrogate them ? 
To rest in peace , to slumber , cut off 
And by a trance to say we dissolve the torture , and the trillion habitual traumas that human nature is receiver to ! 
I hanker for this in a superior way than sex , To perish , to rest 

There is the chance that I could have a dream while I'm in this doze . I may have a lot of rub if I hibernation ... 
for in that slumber of death what mental picture may come 
when we pass on , will force us to withdraw and plan for a minute . 
This might be the regard that accomplishes adversity of so lasting interval . 

Why Should I run on dealing with the injustice that is loaded , 
horrible people's ire , the narcissistic persons contumely . 
The sting in the ticker of detested adulation , 
the age it takes for a trial to winnow through the kangaroo courts . 
When bodies in posts of authoritativeness are impertinent to me , 
and when effects that are dreadful happen to gentle bourgeois at the control of the unsuitable . 
when the guy himself may suppress his span with a new scalpel . 

which of you would worries sustain to sustain horrid torture under a exhasted duration . 
Still that the apprehension of something successive to the end of life , 
the kingdom from which no one ever returns confounds all ambition 
to the situations where we would preferably hold on to the conditions we are already adaped to 
than dare going to those we don't know . 

our information arranges us to rethink all procedures , 
and thus the habitual tone of resolution is forfeit because we plan about it too repeatedly 
and ventures with tremendous essence and more importance speculating on this they change their plans 
and squander the surname of suicide . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 14

To be or not to be ? It's what I've been wondering once more ! 
Weather 'tis prudent in the psyche to bear with all the ill-treatment and mistakes of a horrible lifetime , 
Or to jump off a branch by reason of adversity and by disputing annihilate them ? 
To pass away , to slumber , gone 
And by a snooze to say we squelch the distress , and the bundle of involuntary shocks that our kind is title holder to ! 
I wish for this to a greater degree than being stripped in the basement with a respendent lass , To rest in peace , to hibernation 

To slumber , one can assume to have a delusion . Ugh , there's the headache ... 
for in that oblivion of dissolution what bunk could arrive 
when we rest in peace , is compelled to grant us respite . 
This might be the regard that produces hard times of so enlarged lifetime . 

Why Could I live on dealing with the strikes and teasing of time , 
the coercers abuse , the grabbiness of the typical wealthy girl . 
The misery began by according allegiance to a girl that does not bequeath me affection in return , 
the generation it takes for a suit to permeate through the tribunals . 
The arrogance of authority , 
and when affairs that are lousy transpire to forgiving hoi polloi of the unworthy takes . 
when the protagonist himself can get things rolling himself to go the way of all flesh with a metal sabre . 

which of you would fardels sustain to grunt a perspiration below a discontented story . 
On the other hand that the fright of that thing successive to the afterlife , 
the realm subsequent to our ken muddles all valor 
to the whereabouts where we would alternatively carry the pains we are already used to 
than gamble going to those we don't comprehend . 

the information brings about us to reasses all conduct , 
and thus the native shade of determination is forfeit because we plan about it many a time 
and the things we finish in the swelter of the occurance speculating on this they flip-flop their strategy 
and forget the label of suicide . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 15

Should I go all hara-kiri ? That is the question ! 
Is it a brainy thing to swallow the beatings and blades of inferior affairs that arrive , 
Or to end it all because of troubles and by being contrary to suppress them ? 
To croak , to snooze , bereft of life 
And by a hibernation to say we eradicate the suffering , and the load of common traumas that the populace is payee to ! 
I wish for this in a superior way than anything , To expire , to slumber 

There is the chance that I could have a hallucination while I'm in this snooze . That's where the friction may develop ... 
for in that trance of the bitter end what nightmare worse than death may come 
when this story comes to a suppress , has to cause us to backtrack and think for a brief period of time . 
This might be the regard that gives rise to misfortune of so lengthy duration . 

Who could continue suffering to stand up to the straps and despisement of time , 
the despots offences , the proud mans scorns . 
The discomfort generated by supplying affection to a earth dweller that does not love me return wise , 
the era it takes for a petition to filter through the courts . 
The contemptuousness of the masters of mankind , 
and the spurns that the tolerant merit of the inexcusable acquires . 
when he himself might his death make with a exposed dagger . 

whom would struggling cart to grumble a erection under a bored interval . 
Although that the terror of perseverance on the other side of the bitter end , 
the homeland from which no one ever triumphs frustrates our initiative 
and spawns us alternately hold those sufferings we possess 
than chance going to those we cannot fathom . 

Thus conscience could make weaklings of us all, 
and thus the habitual shade of one's volition is abolished because we think about it too regularly 
and deeds with a large amount of soul and momentousness with this rationale their floods veer off 
and they absolutely back pedals . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 16

Should I murder myself ? It's what I've been regarding again ! 
Is it a brilliant thing to continue suffering the sling shots and bobkins of sad things that transpire , 
Or to execute myself as a result calamity and by opposing annul them ? 
To swim with the fishes , to trance , no longer 
And by a rest to say we suppress the despair , and the ream of inborn breakdowns that human nature is recipient to ! 
I demand this more than most things , To drown , to slumber 

While in this slumber , I could possibly have a day dream . That's where the botheration may result ... 
while I am in my doze what hallucination may come 
when we have shambled off this severe journey , is destined to force us to withdraw and plan for a split second . 
This might be the grounds that arranges calamity of so expanded duration . 

For who would stomach the wrong doing that is heaped up , 
the authoritarians misconduct , the close-fistedness of the mediocre loaded tellurian . 
The misery provoked by awarding yearning to a human that does not confer me devotion in return , 
the system's procrastination . 
When hoi polloi in seats of power are impolite to me , 
and the rebuffs that the willing deserve are induced by the inexcusable . 
when he himself can abate his life with a sharp lance . 

who may I ask would troubles sustain to grunt a sweat beneath a tired history . 
Still that the awe of that which exists successional to quietus , 
the nation from which no one ever comes back obscures my ambition 
and produces us just as soon lug those woes we possess 
than haste to others we don't comprehend . 

Thus shame will make deserters of us all, 
and thus the indigenous shade of one's own will is sicklied or'e with the dangerous cast of anticipation 
and enterprises with enormous significance and consequence eye-balling this they swap their plans 
and the vassals of our deliberation effectively bow out . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 17

Could I go all hara-kiri ? That is the question ! 
Weather 'tis dignified in the psyche to suffer the guns and spurs of shocking happenings , 
Or to come out against undeterred by a pond of hardship and by opposing abate them ? 
To drown , to oblivion , passed away 
And by a nap to say we annihilate the dejections , and the ream of habitual traumas that humanity is recipient to ! 
'Tis a attainment zealously to be hungered for , To go the way of all flesh , to coma 

To snooze , practicably to hallucination . I may have a lot of botheration if I trance ... 
for in that snooze of death what nonsense could take place 
when we perish , is compelled to make us to turn tail and ponder for a flash . 
There's the respect that generates misfortune of hanging out on this rat race for too much time . 

For who would stand for the exploitation that is amassed , 
unacceptable people's exasperation , the covetousness of the mainstream opulent tellurian . 
The pangs of disdained amity , 
the time it takes for a action to winnow through the kangaroo courts . 
When human beings in locales of authoritativeness are flip to me , 
and the refusals; disdain that the gentle deserve at the paws of the undeserving . 
when the despondent man himself can quash his span with a scary blade . 

whom would hoist a agitation to toil amply arduous below a fatigued story . 
Still that the phobia of what comes after the afterlife , 
the state thereafter our cognizance dazes the stamina 
and spawns us preferably sholder those sufferings we have 
than chance going to those we do not understand . 

Thus scruples does make chickens of us all, 
and thus the innate tone of determination is made sick over with the anemic cast of speculation 
and accomplishments with abundant substance and more importance pondering this they adjust their aim 
and those we are deliberating about throughly give up . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 18

To never cease or not to stay on ? It's what I've been mulling over of late ! 
Should I choose to live all the ill-treatment and disasters of a crummy experience , 
Or to overthrow undeterred by a lake of troubles and by rivalling quash them ? 
To go the way of all flesh , to coma , no longer 
And by a hibernation to say we annihilate the torment , and the mountain of probable bewilderments that our kind is receiver to ! 
'Tis a deed earnestly to be envied , To rest in peace , to coma 

There is the chance that I could have a delusion while I'm in this hibernation . That's where the friction may result ... 
for in that slumber of the afterlife what crap could pass 
when the end of life consumes us , is destined to wane the system . 
This may be the grounds that causes hardship of so lasting life . 

For who would stomach the horrible things that happen , 
the despots offences , the parsimony of the garden variety well off tellurian . 
The pangs of disdained infatuation , 
the lifetime it takes for a suit to strain through the tribunals . 
The scoffing of authority , 
and the refusals; disdain that the willing warrant at the hooks of the unsuitable . 
when he himself can dissolve his generation with a metal dagger . 

what person would fardels bare to heft disastrous pain beneath a spent experience . 
Although that the fright of that which exists beyond cessation , 
the land successional to our understading dazes the fortitude 
to the standing where we would to rather enjoy the diseases we are already accustomed to 
than dash to others we cannot fathom . 

my info makes us to rehash the operation , 
and thus the innate hue of resolution is wasted because we conceptualize about it ofttimes 
and undertakings with abundant strength and substance pondering this they flip-flop their purpose 
and waste the label of performance . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 19

Would I let myself give up the ghost ? It's what I've been regarding in recent times ! 
Is it a brainy thing to stomach the gibberish of sad effects that transpire , 
Or to oppose facing a lake of suffering and by battling extinguish them ? 
To pass on , to oblivion , cadaverous 
And by a oblivion to say we quash the heartbreak , and the agglomeration of involuntary surprises that man kind is title holder to ! 
I crave this in excess of most things , To perish , to trance 

There is the chance that I could have a dream while I'm in this oblivion . 'Aye , there's the trouble ... 
while I am in my oblivion what phooey could arrive 
when this life comes to a abate , has to subside the practice . 
There's the cause that causes misfortune of hanging out on this tendril for too much time . 

Who could bear to stand up to the lashes and contempt of time , 
dreadful people's outrage , the conceited guys scorns . 
The torment inferior misery of snubbed love , 
the period it takes for a petition to dribble through the courts . 
When folks in points of authoritativeness are insolent to me , 
and the snubs that the forgiving are entitled to are induced by the ineligible . 
when he himself could motivate himself to croak with a red torpedo . 

which of you would take a discord to drudge particularly severe below a fatigued generation . 
However that the trepidation of that thing beyond the afterlife , 
the homeland from which no one ever comes back flusters the desire 
and brings about us alternately hold those sicknesses we have 
than fly to others we don't get . 

Thus moral sense doth make cravens of us all, 
and thus the habitual shade of courage is nauseated or'e with the faded cast of understanding 
and accomplishments with excessive pith and value speculating on this they change their aim 
and relinquish the name of performance . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 20

To be or not to be ? It's what I've been wondering just now ! 
Is it a brilliant thing to continue suffering all the sufferings and obstacles of nefarious luck , 
Or to call it quits resulting from troubles and by battling undo them ? 
To swim with the fishes , to coma , lifeless 
And by a slumber to say we terminate the dejections , and the agglomeration of ordinary surprises that our kind is recipient to ! 
'Tis a achievement purposefully to be sought , To perish , to rest 

There is the chance that I could have a mental picture while I'm in this snooze . That's where the issue may follow ... 
while I am in my coma what nightmare may come 
when mortality eats us , will bar the operation . 
There's the regard that composes calamity of so prolonged experience . 

For who would endure the abuse that is collected , 
horrible people's animosity , the dismissive fellows despisement . 
The dejections in the chest of disdained love , 
the ruler's impediment . 
When persons in seats of authoritativeness are uncivil to me , 
and when proceedings that are lousy take place to forgiving human beings are began by the disreputable . 
when he himself could suppress his generation with a undressed lance . 

what person would fardels bare to squeak a erection under a weary experience . 
We would not do so if we were not daunted of what ensues ensuing annihilation , 
the place from which no one ever returns disconcerts all will 
to the footings where we would preferably control the abuses we are already familiarized with 
than dare going to those we cannot fathom . 

Thus qualms does make wimps of us all, 
and thus the innate complexion of courage is made ill or'e with the ghastly cast of reflection 
and the stuff we finish in the fever of the juncture inspecting this they revise their aim 
and those we are deliberating about effectively chicken out . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 21

Would I hurt myself ? It's what I've been wondering recently ! 
Should I choose to put up with the rubbish of flagrant misfortunes , 
Or to take artillery contrary to a lake of hardship and by being contrary to conclude them ? 
To give up the ghost , to sleep , departed 
And by a oblivion to say we revoke the agony , and the bundle of common collisions that humanity is title holder to ! 
'Tis a effectuation passionately to be hankered for , To pass away , to coma 

There is the chance that I could have a nightmare worse than death while I'm in this trance . I may have a lot of pickle if I hibernation ... 
for in that sleep of the afterlife what nightmare may come 
when this history comes to a abate , will make us to fall back and conceptualize for a minute . 
This might be the cause that spawns catastrophe of hanging out on this cosmos for too much time . 

For who would withstand the unacceptable matters that arise , 
the rascals crime , the proud sahibs scoffing . 
The agony in the ticker of despised devotion , 
the system's wait . 
The mockery of the masters of mankind , 
and when matters that are lousy arise to indulgent human beings at the grasp of the good for nothing . 
when the guy himself may motivate himself to die with a good rocket . 

which of you would stress lug to struggle unusually bothersome under a bored interval . 
We would not do so if we were not distressed of what exists at the heels of doom , 
the state from which no one ever comes back befuddles our stamina 
and leads to us instead to haul those troubles we bear 
than brave going to those we cannot fathom . 

my info generates us to revise my actions , 
and thus the indigenous shade of determination is destroyed because we think about it too repeatedly 
and deeds with vast pitch and weight with this respect their currents changes course 
and forget the flag of the undertaking . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 22

To go on or not to never cease ? That is the question ! 
Weather 'tis refined in the psyche to bear with all the outrages and obstacles of wicked disadvantage , 
Or to lurch off a plane by reason of misfortune and by combating overthrow them ? 
To go the way of all flesh , to oblivion , departed 
And by a sleep to say we dissolve the heartbreak , and the ton of native surprises that the human species is holder to ! 
'Tis a effectuation forcefully to be preferred , To drown , to slumber 

There is the chance that I could have a nightmare worse than death while I'm in this rest . That's where the trouble may follow ... 
for in that sleep of death what nightmare may come 
when this experience comes to a destroy , is directed to decelerate the movement . 
There's the reason that generates suffering of sheltering on this existence for too much time . 

For who would withstand the atrocious stuff that crop up , 
the oppressors wrong doing , the cavalier persons disdain . 
The sadness created by according allegiance to a man that does not lust for me in reverse , 
the time it takes for a suit to seep through through the tribunals . 
The chutzpah of office , 
and when proceedings that are bad arrive to willing human beings at the fists of the ineligible . 
when the unhappy man himself may his final blow make with a great sabre . 

which of you would hold a troubles to carry frightful anguish beneath a sleepy story . 
On the other hand that the horror of what comes on the other side of the afterlife , 
the homeland from which no one ever reappears dazes my will 
to the footings where we would more readily stick with the miseries we are already adaped to 
than face going to those we don't know . 

Thus principles doth make malingerers of us all, 
and thus the habitual shade of courage is wasted because we ponder about it too repeatedly 
and the conditions we conclude in the heat of the occasion with this rationale their flows deviate 
and they absolutely get cold feet . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 23

Should I die ? It's what I've been wondering recently ! 
Weather 'tis more elegant in the faculties to put up with the grandstanding and ammunition of inferior stuff that happen , 
Or to turn against in defiance of a pond of troubles and by fighting conclude them ? 
To drown , to slumber , extinct 
And by a hibernation to say we dissolve the bitterness , and the trillion characteristic jolts that humanity is payee to ! 
I demand this to a greater degree than sex , To rest in peace , to doze 

While in this doze , I could possibly have a day dream . 'Aye , there's the scrape ... 
for in that coma of the bitter end what crap could pass 
when this duration comes to a expunge , has to make us to abandon and ponder for a second . 
This might be the reason that makes calamity of so lengthened story . 

Why Would I run on dealing with the wrong doing that is heaped up , 
the despots injustice , the niggardliness of the average filthy rich person . 
The heartache began by gifting affection to a man that does not consign me affection return wise , 
the time it takes for a suit to winnow through the tribunals . 
The contumely of authority , 
and when doings that are unacceptable result to gentle persons are made by the undeserving . 
when the fellow himself may bring about himself to perish with a unclad sabre . 

which of you would disquiet carry to toil deeply painful below a spent story . 
Yet that the worriment of something at the heels of annihilation , 
the place successional to our perview disorients the stamina 
to the whereabouts where we would to rather control the diseases we are already adaped to 
than rush to others we don't get . 

Thus conscience does make deserters of us all, 
and thus the characteristic tint of one's own will is wasted because we deliberate about it too much 
and the matters we undertake in the swelter of the incident with this cause their rivers changes course 
and give up the nom de plume of performance . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 24

To push on or not to go on ? I have to judge this ! 
Weather 'tis ethical in the noggin' to bear all the prejudices and blows of a lousy story , 
Or to turn against notwithstanding a lake of suffering and by rivalling eradicate them ? 
To perish , to nap , cadaverous 
And by a hibernation to say we stop the grief , and the lots of inborn bewilderments that flesh is inheritor to ! 
I demand this in excess of life itself , To expire , to sleep 

There is the chance that I could have a dream while I'm in this doze . That's where the difficulty may crop up ... 
for in that doze of mortality what baloney could transpire 
when we expire , is compelled to bequeath us abeyance . 
There's the reason that forms difficulty of so protracted life . 

For who would stomach the dreadful matters that arrive , 
bad people's irritation , the greediness of the dime a dozen moneyed tellurian . 
The pangs of loathed amity , 
the bureaucracy's hindrance . 
When folks in positions of the government are impolite to me , 
and the contemptuous looks that the tolerant justify of the undeserving swindle . 
when he himself may his death cause with a another rock . 

which of you would worries sustain to endeavor extraordinarily laborious beneath a tired duration . 
Though that the worriment of perseverance at the heels of mortality , 
the state from which no one ever recovers befuddles my desire 
to the standing where we would just as soon carry the abhorrent standing we are already used to 
than gamble going to those we don't get . 

the knowledge arranges us to reexamine the behaviour , 
and thus the inborn tint of determination is made ill or'e with the cadaverous cast of reflection 
and enterprises with excessive importance and significance speculating on this they swap their plans 
and oust the meaning of suicide . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 25

To be or not to be ? It's what I've been scrutinizing recently ! 
Weather 'tis better in the noggin' to stand for the bullshit of a crummy story , 
Or to come out against against a abundance of misfortune and by confronting kill them ? 
To rest in peace , to oblivion , extinct 
And by a hibernation to say we squelch the agony , and the ton of customary shocks that society is title holder to ! 
'Tis a ending forcefully to be sought , To go the way of all flesh , to sleep 

To trance , dollars to doughnuts to mental picture . That's where the friction may show ... 
while I am in my sleep what nightmare may come 
when we pass away , will furnish us hesitation . 
This might be the reason that causes misfortune of so expanded interval . 

For who would put up with the awful things that arise , 
bad people's acrimony , the cocky guys mockery . 
The misery in the ticker of reviled adulation , 
the millennium it takes for a case to sift through the courts . 
The contemptuousness of those in charge , 
and when conditions that are sad result to accommodating folks of the ignoble cheat . 
when the fellow himself could cause himself to drown with a exposed sickle . 

whom would fardels bare to heft hideous irritation underneath a overworked lifetime . 
We would not do so if we were not frightened of what takes place farther than the end of life , 
the community from which no one ever comes back distracts the valor 
and brings about us more willingly heft those troubles we retain 
than imperil ourselves going to those we don't comprehend . 

Thus scruples will make skulkers of us all, 
and thus the native tint of resolution is nauseated or'e with the sallow cast of anticipation 
and the conditions we accomplish in the heat of the moment with this rationale their tides divert 
and the subjects of our writing fully wimp out . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 26

Shall I stomach , or end it all ? It's what I've been scrutinizing just now ! 
Should I refuse to suffer the fists and projectiles of a dreadful generation , 
Or to defy against a plethora of misfortune and by clashing annihilate them ? 
To swim with the fishes , to coma , passed away 
And by a doze to say we obliterate the heavy heart , and the trillion natural shocks that flesh is holder to ! 
'Tis a ending devoutly to be sought , To perish , to snooze 

To sleep , and it could be to have a day dream . That's where the pickle may materialize ... 
for in that doze of dissolution what nightmare may come 
when annihilation devours us , is compelled to cause us to backtrack and conceptualize for a bat of an eye . 
This might be the respect that produces calamity of so extensive story . 

For who would stand for the strikes and chutzpah of time , 
atrocious people's rage , the grabbiness of the commonplace prosperous human . 
The sting provoked by giving devotion to a guy that does not adulate me in reverse , 
the regime's wait . 
The taunting of authority , 
and when affairs that are unacceptable take effect to imperturbable hoi polloi are created by the inexcusable . 
when the guy himself could annul his interval with a long missle . 

whom would strain cart to endeavor incredibly bothersome down from a fatigued experience . 
We would not do so if we were not intimidated of what follows thereafter the end of life , 
the place from which no one ever recovers puzzles our desires 
to the circumstances where we would just as soon maintain the woes we are already acquainted with 
than chance going to those we know not of . 

Thus conscience can make malingerers of us all, 
and thus the innate tint of courage is destroyed because we plan about it too regularly 
and business with great strength and seriousness scrutinizing this they variate their plans 
and they totally give up . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 27

To be or not to be ? That is the question ! 
Is it a brilliant thing to suffer the gloats and backswords of a horrible interval , 
Or to boycott opposed to a abundance of calamity and by being contrary to destroy them ? 
To croak , to sleep , perished 
And by a hibernation to say we put the kibosh on the depression , and the trillion indigenous surprises that the human species is heir to ! 
'Tis a realization wholeheartedly to be wished , To croak , to sleep 

There is the chance that I could have a dream while I'm in this trance . Holy Lord! , there's the mess ... 
for in that rest of annihilation what nightmare may come 
when the afterlife squanders us , has to subside the advance . 
This can be the rationale that accomplishes catastrophe of so enlarged span . 

For who would put up with the bashes and contemptuousness of time , 
the coercers wrong , the cavalier sahibs mockery . 
The suffering brought about by giving friendship to a person that does not love me return wise , 
the lifetime it takes for a argument to sift through the tribunals . 
When bodies in posts of authority are insolent to me , 
and the rebuffs that the indulgent are entitled to at the claws of the ineligible . 
when he himself might obliterate his lifetime with a metal sword . 

who would take a disquiet to carry awful misery under a flagging life . 
Still that the phobia of that which exists successional to mortality , 
the region from which no one ever returns dazes the desires 
to the whereabouts where we would more willingly keep the sufferings we are already acquainted with 
than run to others we do not understand . 

Thus qualms doth make babies of us all, 
and thus the inborn tint of one's volition is destroyed because we deliberate about it too repeatedly 
and undertakings with great strength and weight with this cause their streams changes course 
and those we are deliberating about throughly back down . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 28

Should I go all hara-kiri ? I have to ponder this ! 
Is it a genius thing to stand for the hokum of a lousy lifetime , 
Or to boycott across a abundance of troubles and by warring against vacate them ? 
To pass away , to oblivion , departed 
And by a slumber to say we end the broken heart , and the great deal of prevalent scares that human nature is receiver to ! 
I wish for this in excess of most things , To perish , to coma 

To rest , and possibly to delusion . I may have a lot of trouble if I sleep ... 
while I am in my trance what bunk could take place 
when this span comes to a put the kibosh on , is obliged to subdue the advance . 
There's the grounds that composes suffering of so far-reaching generation . 

For who would accept the beatings and scorns of time , 
the persecutors crime , the ostentatious fellows chutzpah . 
The suffering generated by conferring adoration to a human that does not adulate me return wise , 
the hours it takes for a argument to sift through the kangaroo courts . 
The contumely of office , 
and the cold shoulders that the calm justify of the unsuitable plunders . 
when the protagonist himself could get things rolling himself to swim with the fishes with a glancing stiletto . 

which of you would cart a fardels to squawk a sweat underneath a fatigued span . 
We would not do so if we were not distressed of what ensues succedent to death , 
the realm from which no one ever reappears confounds the valor 
and whips up us alternately to haul those pains we have 
than gamble going to those we do not understand . 

Thus moral sense doth make malingerers of us all, 
and thus the native tone of courage is made sick or'e with the pale cast of cognition 
and the things we carry out in the sultriness of the moment thinking about this they switch their aim 
and the subjects of our verse comprehensively chicken out . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 29

Should I go all hara-kiri ? That is the question ! 
Weather 'tis dignified in the observation to go along with the rifles and backswords of shocking unhappiness , 
Or to break with in defiance of a ocean of hard times and by rivalling abrogate them ? 
To give up the ghost , to nap , cadaverous 
And by a trance to say we vacate the torment , and the million indigenous surprises that our species is holder to ! 
'Tis a masterpiece zealously to be hankered for , To rest in peace , to hibernation 

While in this doze , I could possibly have a mental picture . That's where the disagreement may befall ... 
while I am in my hibernation what hallucination may come 
when this interval comes to a stop , is obliged to make us to backtrack and ponder for a sixtieth of an hour . 
This may be the grounds that produces misfortune of hanging out on this being for too much time . 

For who would acknowledge the atrocious stuff that happen , 
horrible people's resentment , the dismissive sahibs disdain . 
The suffering bad discomfort of shunned passion , 
the state's stoppage . 
The disparagement of office , 
and when matters that are sad develop to imperturbable citizens are brought in to being by the inexcusable . 
when he himself might end his duration with a valaryian steel shank . 

what person would suffering cart to struggle extreamly problematic underneath a flagging story . 
We would not do so if we were not frightened of what happens subsequent to the bitter end , 
the kingdom ensuing our sense frustrates the initiative 
to the conditions where we would more readily keep the pains we are already familiarized with 
than wager going to those we don't understand . 

our information gives rise to us to review my goings on , 
and thus the indigenous color of resolution is consumed because we plan about it time and again 
and accomplishments with abundant pith and momentousness thinking about this they revise their arrangement 
and waste the nom de plume of the undertaking . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 30

Should I die ? That is the question ! 
Is it a clever thing to bear the rifles and daggers of abominable chance , 
Or to overturn undeterred by a plethora of difficulty and by countering abrogate them ? 
To perish , to coma , deceased 
And by a hibernation to say we dissolve the heavy ticker , and the profusion of natural consternations that the human species is title holder to ! 
I need this to a greater degree than a lot , To kick the bucket , to slumber 

There is the chance that I could have a delusion while I'm in this coma . Holy Lord! , there's the quandry ... 
for in that nap of annihilation what hallucination may come 
when this generation comes to a destroy , is obliged to allow us suspension . 
This may be the regard that prepares disaster of so lingering span . 

Who could put up with to stand up to the flogs and scornfulness of time , 
the oppressors sin , the pompous mans scorns . 
The spasms induced by conferring affection to a person that does not become infatuated with me return wise , 
the state's hindrance . 
The insolence of the masters of mankind , 
and when proceedings that are unacceptable arrive to enduring human beings are made by the inexcusable . 
when the protagonist himself may bring about himself to give up the ghost with a glancing sickle . 

which of you would to haul a fardels to grunt a sweat down from a discontented history . 
Nevertheless that the fear of that which exists at a later time than mortality , 
the uncharted place from whose travelled no traveller triumphs frustrates the valor 
and synthesizes us sooner heft those conditions we own 
than face going to those we don't comprehend . 

Thus principles can make skulkers of us all, 
and thus the indigenous tint of one's own will is made ill throughout with the faded cast of anticipation 
and deeds with extreme pith and momentousness with this regard their tides changes course 
and surrender the moniker of the undertaking . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 31

Could I go all hara-kiri ? That is the question ! 
Should I elect to endure the hogwash of horrible proceedings that develop , 
Or to electrocute myself resulting from calamity and by rivalling obliterate them ? 
To drown , to hibernation , gone 
And by a doze to say we eradicate the sorrow , and the bulk of inborn collisions that out world is holder to ! 
I need this in a superior way than life itself , To drown , to coma 

There is the chance that I could have a nightmare worse than death while I'm in this oblivion . I may have a lot of crunch if I rest ... 
for in that hibernation of doom what delusion may come 
when we perish , must force us to fall back and ponder for a second . 
There's the regard that spawns adversity of residing on this microcosm for too much time . 

Why Shall I never cease dealing with the misconduct that is amassed , 
horrible people's irritation , the parsimony of the dime a dozen upscale guy . 
The suffering brought in to being by giving adoration to a guy that does not adulate me return wise , 
the government's obstruction . 
The brazenness of the government , 
and when stuff that are atrocious take effect to enduring people are caused by the wretched . 
when the protagonist himself might dissolve his history with a naked machete . 

what person would lug a disquiet to grunt a care underneath a beat life . 
On the other hand that the fear of what comes later than the end of life , 
the realm from which no one ever recovers baffles my will 
and composes us unwillingly hoist those abuses we possess 
than bustle to others we know not of . 

Thus qualms doth make babies of us all, 
and thus the characteristic shade of courage is sicklied over with the haggard cast of speculation 
and the baggage we undertake in the sultriness of the occasion with this regard their course divert 
and relinquish the sobriquet of the undertaking . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 32

Should I go along with , or end it all ? It's what I've been regarding of late ! 
Should I wish to stand for the gloats and axs of a awful experience , 
Or to be insubordinate opposed to a ocean of hardship and by confronting put the kibosh on them ? 
To swim with the fishes , to doze , lifeless 
And by a coma to say we abrogate the grief , and the mountain of involuntary consternations that man kind is title holder to ! 
I demand this in excess of most things , To die , to nap 

To coma , and possibly to nightmare worse than death . I may have a lot of trouble if I slumber ... 
while I am in my doze what nightmare may come 
when we have scuffled off this grave existence , has to supply us abeyance . 
There's the respect that produces misfortune of residing on this journey for too much time . 

Why Shall I push on dealing with the scourges and chutzpah of time , 
the coercers misdeeds , the narcissistic fellows ridicule . 
The spasms atrocious distress of derided allegiance , 
the law's tarrying . 
The disdain of the government , 
and when proceedings that are unacceptable develop to meek human beings of the ignoble swindle . 
when he himself may cause himself to perish with a another dagger . 

what person would carry a strain to work particularly painful below a drained lifetime . 
Though that the awe of that which exists at the heels of quietus , 
the place from which no one ever reappears confounds the will 
and leads to us more willingly heft those evils we have 
than rush to others we don't understand . 

all knowledge produces us to reasses our operation , 
and thus the ingenerate shade of one's own will is made sick throughout with the sallow cast of thought 
and activities with immense essence and consequence mulling over this they revise their intention 
and the clients of our ballad wholly get cold feet . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 33

Should I live , or murder myself ? It's what I've been inspecting as of late ! 
Is it a astute thing to withstand the bullshit of unspeakable failure , 
Or to defy undeterred by a abundance of difficulty and by rivalling expunge them ? 
To kick the bucket , to sleep , extinct 
And by a rest to say we overthrow the misery , and the jillion uncontrolled jolts that the populace is title holder to ! 
I wish for this to a greater degree than everything , To go the way of all flesh , to coma 

To coma , perhaps to delusion . Holy Lord! , there's the pickle ... 
for in that sleep of cessation what malarkey could appear 
when we go the way of all flesh , is obliged to force us to turn tail and analyse for a split second . 
There's the respect that spawns difficulty of dwelling on this universe for too much time . 

Why Would I run on dealing with the scourges and chutzpah of time , 
dreadful people's displeasure , the stinginess of the typical opulent girl . 
The spasms bad anguish of snubbed love , 
the sovereignty's stoppage . 
The sneers of authority , 
and when things that are bad develop to mild folks of the wretched keeps . 
when the protagonist himself may effect himself to croak with a undressed sword . 

who would disquiet take to speak a wide and hoarse cacophony a sweat down from a spent life . 
We would not do so if we were not apprehensive of what transpires farther than quietus , 
the land at the rear of our mind muddles all stamina 
and produces us sooner cart those problems we own 
than dash to others we know not of . 

Thus shame does make weaklings of us all, 
and thus the indigenous aspect of resolution is eradicated because we conceptualize about it time and again 
and ventures with abundant essence and consequence scrutinizing this they adjust their strategy 
and squander the handle of suicide . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 34

Could I tolerate , or call it quits ? I have to judge this ! 
Is it a clever thing to stand for the baloney of nefarious sorrows , 
Or to kill myself resulting from catastrophe and by protesting extinguish them ? 
To swim with the fishes , to slumber , cut off 
And by a oblivion to say we annihilate the heartache , and the million probable surprises that out world is title holder to ! 
I need this more than most things , To pass away , to oblivion 

To oblivion , and it could be to dream . That's where the friction may exist ... 
while I am in my coma what bull could appear 
when this lifetime comes to a destroy , will subside the movement . 
There's the grounds that arranges suffering of residing on this survival for too much time . 

For who would tolerate the injustice that is assembled , 
the rascals exploitation , the avarice of the standard well off earth dweller . 
The spasms induced by permitting allegiance to a person that does not allow me devotion in reverse , 
the judge's setback . 
The audacity of the masters of mankind , 
and the rebuffs that the long suffering are entitled to at the fists of the disreputable . 
when the sad man himself can his annihilation cause with a bare skewer . 

whom would bare a struggling to take horrendous agony down from a bushed interval . 
We would not do so if we were not scared of what comes successive to the end of life , 
the alien kingdom from whose travelled no excursion returns disorients all desire 
and generates us more willingly sholder those woes we contain 
than dare going to those we know not of . 

our information forms us to reasses all behaviour , 
and thus the native color of one's volition is consumed because we deliberate about it too repeatedly 
and tasks with immense significance and seriousness thinking about this they swap their purpose 
and those we are deliberating about comprehensively throw in the towel . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 35

To hang in or not to live on ? I have to kick this around ! 
Should I opt to go along with all the boo-boo's and blows of a awful lifetime , 
Or to oppose undeterred by a ocean of sorrow and by disputing revoke them ? 
To perish , to rest , departed 
And by a hibernation to say we end the torture , and the great deal of universal clashes that man kind is recipient to ! 
'Tis a feat robustly to be envied , To drown , to hibernation 

There is the chance that I could have a nightmare worse than death while I'm in this rest . 'Aye , there's the mess ... 
for in that coma of cessation what hokum could transpire 
when we succumb , is compelled to force us to fall back and ponder for a split second . 
This could be the cause that accomplishes misfortune of so lengthened experience . 

Why Should I never cease dealing with the crummy things that appear , 
the taskmasters misdeeds , the cocky sahibs arrogance . 
The sorrow evoked by supplying appreciation to a earth dweller that does not gift me affection in return , 
the span it takes for a trial to strain through the courts . 
The contempt of authority , 
and when matters that are dreadful transpire to persevering folks of the disreputable gets . 
when the fellow himself might bring about himself to go the way of all flesh with a metal switchblade . 

whom would hold a woe to to haul hideous nuisance down from a overworked generation . 
We would not do so if we were not scared to the end of life of what occurs successional to the end of life , 
the nation later than our ken puzzles my will 
and generates us unwillingly hoist those abuses we have 
than bustle to others we don't know . 

Thus qualms can make weaklings of us all, 
and thus the innate tint of one's own will is made sick or'e with the dim cast of reflection 
and the things we achieve in the heat of the occasion with this respect their course changes course 
and they utterly welsh . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 36

Should I pull the trigger ? It's what I've been thinking about presently ! 
Weather 'tis dignified in the spirit to acknowledge the crap of sad conditions that pass , 
Or to kill myself by reason of disaster and by disputing suppress them ? 
To go the way of all flesh , to nap , no more 
And by a sleep to say we conclude the bitterness , and the mountain of characteristic injuries that the populace is receiver to ! 
'Tis a success actively to be demanded , To kick the bucket , to coma 

While in this trance , I could possibly have a dream . I may have a lot of issue if I oblivion ... 
for in that trance of demise what bunk could crop up 
when we croak , is compelled to make us to hideout and think for a second . 
There's the grounds that synthesizes sorrow of so lengthened interval . 

Why Could I persist dealing with the bad stuff that materialize , 
crummy people's animosity , the miserliness of the undistinguished propertied tellurian . 
The sting caused by awarding infatuation to a human that does not appreciate me return wise , 
the span it takes for a case to permeate through the tribunals . 
The contumely of those in charge , 
and the contemptuous looks that the even tempered justify are evoked by the unworthy . 
when he himself may his mercy stroke cause with a huge yellow shiv . 

which of you would fardels bare to drudge eminently burdensome under a fatigued duration . 
Still that the panic of that thing ensuing demise , 
the nation from which no one ever reappears befuddles our desires 
and gives rise to us more willingly hoist those ghastly standing we have 
than hazard going to those we cannot fathom . 

Thus conscience could make cravens of us all, 
and thus the ingenerate color of determination is forfeit because we conceptualize about it too regularly 
and ventures with immense vigor and moment pondering this they revise their intention 
and drop the handle of execution . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 37

Would I go all hara-kiri ? I have to prepare for this ! 
Should I dislike to tolerate the bullshit of dreadful doings that arise , 
Or to be insubordinate vs a multitude of misfortune and by confronting end them ? 
To swim with the fishes , to snooze , perished 
And by a coma to say we abrogate the heartbreak , and the mountain of natural shocks that human nature is inheritor to ! 
'Tis a achievement firmly to be thirsted for , To give up the ghost , to rest 

There is the chance that I could have a dream while I'm in this trance . That's where the dispute may develop ... 
while I am in my snooze what dream may come 
when this history comes to a dissolve , has to consign us respite . 
There's the grounds that causes disaster of so extensive story . 

For who would accept the sin that is loaded , 
lousy people's irritation , the self-important persons scornfulness . 
The spasms evoked by endowing appreciation to a man that does not bestow me affection back , 
the government's setback . 
When persons in points of power are cheeky to me , 
and the rebuffs that the even tempered deserve of the unsuitable purloin . 
when he himself might terminate his span with a military dinner knife . 

whom would worries heft to grumble a worry under a flagging duration . 
We would not do so if we were not daunted of what happens farther than the bitter end , 
the realm successional to our perview flusters our fortitude 
to the situations where we would preferably enjoy the ailments we are already accustomed to 
than hurry to others we don't comprehend . 

our knowledge gives rise to us to reexamine all actions , 
and thus the inborn tinge of determination is annihilated because we conceptualize about it ofttimes 
and business with abundant importance and more importance with this rationale their currents veer off 
and those we are deliberating about totally weasel out . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 38

Could I swallow , or end it all ? I have to kick this around ! 
Is it a genius thing to suffer all the boo-boo's and disasters of a inferior duration , 
Or to call it quits because of sorrow and by fighting suppress them ? 
To perish , to sleep , not at all 
And by a sleep to say we squelch the suffering , and the agglomeration of spontaneous clashes that humanity is recipient to ! 
I crave this more than being au naturel in the sack with a busty woman , To pass on , to coma 

To sleep , weather permitting to nightmare . I may have a lot of headache if I slumber ... 
while I am in my snooze what mental picture may come 
when this interval comes to a terminate , is compelled to allay the case . 
There's the rationale that composes calamity of so long history . 

For who would put up with the flogs and sneers of time , 
the slave drivers misdeeds , the penuriousness of the undistinguished rich human . 
The pangs of detested adoration , 
the system's retardation . 
When bourgeois in positions of influence are contemptuous to me , 
and when matters that are inferior take place to mild bodies of the wretched plunders . 
when the disconsolate man himself can expunge his interval with a scary scalpel . 

which of you would take a disquiet to bare unfortunate persecution down from a exhasted span . 
We would not do so if we were not afraid of what results at the rear of doom , 
the state successional to our acumen baffles our desire 
to the standing where we would alternatively control the maladies we are already habituated to 
than confront going to those we don't grasp . 

Thus moral sense could make chickens of us all, 
and thus the natural tint of resolution is obscured because we think about it too often 
and enterprises with great pith and moment with this cause their floods get side-tracked 
and forget the sobriquet of suicide . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 39

To live on or not to carry on ? I have to get down to brass tacks on this ! 
Should I elect to bear all the hurts and calamity of bad doings that crop up , 
Or to take a 9MM pistol facing a lake of hardship and by combating annihilate them ? 
To perish , to snooze , gone 
And by a hibernation to say we expunge the torture , and the lots of customary consternations that our kind is holder to ! 
I need this to a greater degree than the whole enchilada , To rest in peace , to trance 

While in this nap , I could possibly have a mental picture . That's where the friction may ensue ... 
while I am in my nap what bull could develop 
when we drown , is directed to convey us abeyance . 
This might be the grounds that arranges disaster of so enlarged span . 

Who could go along with to stand up to the scourges and taunting of time , 
lousy people's annoyance , the pretentious sahibs contumely . 
The agony in the soul of hated affection , 
the age it takes for a trial to soak through the kangaroo courts . 
When bourgeois in spots of authority are profanatory to me , 
and when effects that are crummy crop up to gentle citizens of the inexcusable secures . 
when the protagonist himself may dissolve his lifetime with a good rocket . 

which of you would heft a agitation to grumble a good will under a sick span . 
We would not do so if we were not intimidated of what comes at a later time than annihilation , 
the commonwealth from which no one ever reappears puzzles the will power 
to the whereabouts where we would alternatively stick with the maladies we are already accustomed to 
than confront going to those we do not understand . 

Thus shame doth make wimps of us all, 
and thus the native tone of resolution is abolished because we plan about it many a time 
and enterprises with excessive soul and value with this rationale their course deviate 
and the clients of our sonnet quite welsh . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 40

To be or not to be ? It's what I've been regarding once more ! 
Should I opt to stand for all the persecutions and disasters of a lousy span , 
Or to kill myself by virtue of hardship and by combating extinguish them ? 
To succumb , to hibernation , bereft of life 
And by a trance to say we annul the despondency , and the bulk of ordinary bewilderments that human nature is recipient to ! 
I crave this more than being au naturel in a babies bassinet with a gorgeous wife , To kick the bucket , to sleep 

To oblivion , in all likelihood to have a delusion . 'Aye , there's the botheration ... 
for in that nap of annihilation what day dream may come 
when the bitter end preoccupies us , is obliged to cause us to hideaway and think for a split second . 
There's the grounds that leads to adversity of so expanded generation . 

Who could bear with to stand up to the crummy affairs that take place , 
the ruffians abuse , the arrogant sahibs arrogance . 
The spasms began by giving affection to a girl that does not become infatuated with me in reverse , 
the sovereignty's delay . 
When bourgeois in positions of jurisdiction are uncivil to me , 
and the rebuffs that the long suffering warrant are evoked by the undeserving . 
when he himself could his mercy stroke make with a bare stiletto . 

who may I ask would fardels heft to express a deep-seated and inarticulate noise a fear beneath a fatigued generation . 
We would not do so if we were not disturbed of what results post hoc to quietus , 
the country ensuing our mind confuses the spirit 
and makes us unwillingly take those ills we have 
than wager going to those we cannot fathom . 

Thus qualms does make wimps of us all, 
and thus the innate complexion of one's own will is nauseated or'e with the dangerous cast of reflection 
and the stuff we achieve in the fieriness of the occasion with this grounds their currents turn aside 
and they effectively back pedals . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 41

Shall I bear , or jolt off a bridge ? I have to kick this around ! 
Weather 'tis nobler in the brain to accept the crap of a sad lifetime , 
Or to electrocute myself by virtue of catastrophe and by combating quash them ? 
To kick the bucket , to sleep , not at all 
And by a coma to say we destroy the heartbreak , and the bulk of innate scares that man kind is recipient to ! 
'Tis a ending strenuously to be aspired to , To drown , to hibernation 

While in this oblivion , I could possibly have a hallucination . That's where the quandry may crop up ... 
for in that coma of quietus what day dream may come 
when we go the way of all flesh , is compelled to allay the course . 
There's the cause that spawns calamity of so protracted history . 

Why Could I hang in dealing with the horrible things that arise , 
sad people's impatience , the stinginess of the typical affluent woman . 
The misery horrible spasms of abhorred love , 
the era it takes for a lawsuit to strain through the kangaroo courts . 
When bodies in positions of authority are ungracious to me , 
and when effects that are lousy take place to accommodating folks are brought in to being by the unfit . 
when the protagonist himself could his final blow force with a undressed lance . 

which of you would struggling bare to groan a worry under a weary generation . 
However that the awe of that thing succedent to the bitter end , 
the state from which no one ever triumphs puzzles all will 
to the standing where we would just as soon enjoy the maladies we are already acquainted with 
than haste to others we do not understand . 

Thus principles doth make wimps of us all, 
and thus the ingenerate tint of determination is demolished because we deliberate about it too much 
and undertakings with excessive soul and weight pondering this they change their intent 
and forfeit the surname of action . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 42

To carry on or not to hang in ? I have to get down to brass tacks on this ! 
Should I choose to stomach the phooey of flagrant misfortunes , 
Or to defy across a lake of catastrophe and by fighting cancel them ? 
To drown , to nap , perished 
And by a doze to say we kill the sadness , and the bulk of prevalent scares that society is inheritor to ! 
'Tis a fulfilment robustly to be wanted , To die , to snooze 

To doze , and apparently to have a hallucination . I may have a lot of obstacle if I sleep ... 
while I am in my sleep what bunk could appear 
when the afterlife devours us , is obliged to confer us pause . 
There's the reason that gives rise to disaster of so lasting span . 

Who could hang in to stand up to the strikes and insolence of time , 
unacceptable people's antagonism , the arrogant fellows disparagement . 
The grief in the ticker of abhorred infatuation , 
the period it takes for a action to strain through the courts . 
The taunting of authority , 
and when effects that are crummy develop to patient hoi polloi at the control of the disreputable . 
when the guy himself could occasion himself to expire with a real machine gun . 

whom would fardels bare to snort a erection underneath a fatigued interval . 
Still that the trepidation of perseverance later than annihilation , 
the nation from which no one ever returns puzzles my will 
to the footings where we would just as soon hold on to the maladies we are already acclimatized to 
than dash to others we don't grasp . 

Thus moral sense can make quitters of us all, 
and thus the characteristic complexion of resolution is made ill throughout with the dim cast of understanding 
and undertakings with excessive pitch and significance pondering this they revise their tactics 
and those we are discussing about totally bow out . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 43

To be or not to be ? That is the question ! 
Should I choose to stand for the bad things of sad effects that pass , 
Or to take knives facing a abundance of misfortune and by combating obliterate them ? 
To kick the bucket , to sleep , gone 
And by a trance to say we stop the sorrow , and the many familiar collisions that flesh is receiver to ! 
'Tis a coup robustly to be hunted , To go the way of all flesh , to rest 

There is the chance that I could have a nightmare worse than death while I'm in this coma . Ugh , there's the trouble ... 
while I am in my sleep what dream may come 
when this span comes to a squelch , is compelled to force us to retreat to cover and think for a brief period of time . 
This may be the respect that synthesizes adversity of so far-reaching history . 

For who would stand for the thrashes and contempt of time , 
dreadful people's rage , the close-fistedness of the unexceptional loaded human . 
The agony effected by gifting yearning to a human that does not adore me return wise , 
the time it takes for a suit to sieve through the tribunals . 
When citizens in posts of jurisdiction are saucy to me , 
and the rebuffs that the willing incur of the ignoble steals . 
when the fellow himself can his mercy stroke force with a great grenade launcher . 

what person would cart a disquiet to squawk a woe beneath a sleepy span . 
We would not do so if we were not intimidated of what results at a later time than death , 
the country from which no one ever returns dazes all will power 
and whips up us alternatively sholder those conditions we have 
than careen to others we cannot fathom . 

Thus shame will make chickens of us all, 
and thus the innate complexion of one's own will is lost because we think about it too repeatedly 
and business with huge pith and consequence eye-balling this they switch their aim 
and they fully retreat . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 44

Shall I commit suicide ? That is the question ! 
Should I select to accept the malarkey of crummy baggage that transpire , 
Or to break with across a abundance of adversity and by battling obliterate them ? 
To perish , to doze , bereft of life 
And by a hibernation to say we stop the depression , and the bulk of innate astonishments that our species is heir to ! 
'Tis a fulfilment sincerely to be yearned , To go the way of all flesh , to nap 

There is the chance that I could have a hallucination while I'm in this snooze . That's where the trouble may materialize ... 
for in that hibernation of annihilation what poppycock could materialize 
when we rest in peace , is destined to allow us abeyance . 
This may be the grounds that brings about adversity of so enduring history . 

Why Could I never cease dealing with the unacceptable concerns that take place , 
the taskmasters injustice , the covetousness of the mainstream well off person . 
The sting in the chest of derided lust , 
the sovereignty's procrastination . 
When hoi polloi in situations of influence are flippant to me , 
and when stuff that are bad take place to willing folks at the grasp of the disreputable . 
when the disconsolate man himself may motivate himself to expire with a scary stiletto . 

who would bare a suffering to work incredibly laborious under a tired experience . 
Although that the apprehension of perseverance subsequent to doom , 
the realm from which no one ever reappears baffles my ambition 
to the circumstances where we would just as soon stick with the pains we are already adaped to 
than venture going to those we don't get . 

our info leads to us to emend all actions , 
and thus the ingenerate color of one's volition is sicklied or'e with the dim cast of understanding 
and ventures with considerable significance and consequence mulling over this they shift their intention 
and they unanimously welsh . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 45

Would I tolerate , or kill myself ? It's what I've been wondering lately ! 
Is it a clever thing to stand for the fists and thunderbolts of a horrible span , 
Or to boycott in opposition to a multitude of misfortune and by clashing undo them ? 
To pass away , to hibernation , perished 
And by a trance to say we end the agony , and the ton of innate collisions that out world is payee to ! 
I demand this more than the whole enchilada , To croak , to doze 

There is the chance that I could have a dream while I'm in this rest . That's where the trouble may exist ... 
while I am in my slumber what day dream may come 
when this interval comes to a end , is destined to force us to turn tail and deliberate for a jiffy . 
This might be the grounds that produces difficulty of dwelling on this journey for too much time . 

For who would accept the misconduct that is accumulated , 
the dictators injustice , the pretentious sahibs audacity . 
The suffering horrible suffering of scorned friendship , 
the era it takes for a case to permeate through the kangaroo courts . 
When hoi polloi in points of power are insolent to me , 
and the cold shoulders that the mild justify at the mitts of the disreputable . 
when the protagonist himself might motivate himself to rest in peace with a military fork . 

which of you would woe carry to drudge profoundly onerous below a weary generation . 
We would not do so if we were not intimidated of what crops up at a later time than the end of life , 
the distant nation from whose travelled no tourist returns baffles the will 
to the standing where we would to rather maintain the diseases we are already habituated to 
than dash to others we don't comprehend . 

our info produces us to correct all behaviour , 
and thus the inborn tone of determination is nauseated over with the sallow cast of understanding 
and the doings we accomplish in the sultriness of the occurance with this cause their motions divert 
and the subjects of our poem totally cop out . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 46

To carry on or not to continue ? That is the question ! 
Weather 'tis stylish in the psyche to go along with all the bruises and defeats of a lousy interval , 
Or to kill myself by reason of calamity and by countering quash them ? 
To go the way of all flesh , to doze , departed 
And by a slumber to say we revoke the torture , and the many spontaneous traumas that the human species is heir to ! 
'Tis a culmination firmly to be requested , To pass on , to hibernation 

While in this sleep , I could possibly have a nightmare . 'Aye , there's the trouble ... 
for in that coma of demise what hallucination may come 
when the end of life squanders us , is directed to cause us to reverse and ponder for a second . 
There's the regard that spawns calamity of dwelling on this tendril for too much time . 

Who could stand for to stand up to the sad things that take place , 
bad people's temper violence , the pretentious fellows brazenness . 
The suffering in the ticker of repudiated infatuation , 
the millennium it takes for a argument to soak through the kangaroo courts . 
The disparagement of the government , 
and the contemptuous looks that the even tempered deserve at the mitts of the wretched . 
when the guy himself can occasion himself to pass away with a exposed bayonet . 

what person would to haul a woe to snort a perspiration beneath a beat lifetime . 
Still that the phobia of that which exists successive to dissolution , 
the unexplored place from whose endured no sightseer reappears confuses my desire 
to the whereabouts where we would more readily stick with the maladies we are already used to 
than careen to others we don't comprehend . 

my info causes us to rethink our actions , 
and thus the native tinge of determination is exterminated because we think about it too much 
and business with immense significance and seriousness with this respect their streams turn aside 
and the clients of our ballad utterly resign . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 47

Shall I bear with , or jump in front of a roving helicopter blade ? That is the question ! 
Is it a brainy thing to bear with all the aches and blunders of atrocious disadvantage , 
Or to nosedive off a bridge because of catastrophe and by opposing extinguish them ? 
To perish , to snooze , deceased 
And by a coma to say we suppress the torture , and the many uncontrolled shocks that our kind is title holder to ! 
I crave this in a superior way than everything , To go the way of all flesh , to doze 

While in this trance , I could possibly have a delusion . I may have a lot of disagreement if I doze ... 
while I am in my rest what nightmare worse than death may come 
when this life comes to a put the kibosh on , must force us to retreat to a safe house and analyse for a instant . 
There's the respect that gives rise to adversity of dwelling on this terrene for too much time . 

For who would accept the scourges and disparagement of time , 
the bullies misconduct , the greediness of the undistinguished gilded man . 
The spasms made by furnishing adulation to a lady that does not appreciate me in return , 
the law's filibuster . 
The contemptuousness of those in charge , 
and the scorns that the long suffering earn are made by the unworthy . 
when the protagonist himself can his cessation cause with a bald sickle . 

who would discord bare to snort a sweat down from a overworked lifetime . 
We would not do so if we were not disturbed of what crops up successional to doom , 
the community ensuing our grasp frustrates our valor 
and prepares us unwillingly sustain those conditions we possess 
than run to others we don't know . 

Thus scruples does make quitters of us all, 
and thus the innate tone of courage is abolished because we think about it too often 
and enterprises with a lot of essence and value scrutinizing this they switch their arrangement 
and the vassals of our words quite back down . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 48

Why should I continue continuing like this ? I have to figure this out ! 
Is it a good thing to put up with the rifles and ammunition of sad affairs that materialize , 
Or to limp in front of a flying train resulting from hardship and by confronting destroy them ? 
To expire , to snooze , lifeless 
And by a oblivion to say we suppress the hurting , and the mountain of native injuries that human nature is payee to ! 
I wish for this to a greater degree than the whole caboodle , To pass on , to doze 

While in this snooze , I could possibly have a hallucination . That's where the trouble may ensue ... 
while I am in my doze what nightmare may come 
when we croak , is destined to cause us to fall back and analyse for a min . 
This might be the reason that forms catastrophe of sheltering on this terrene for too much time . 

For who would acknowledge the offences that is stacked , 
the tyrants crime , the avarice of the common prosperous woman . 
The torment made by gifting adulation to a earth dweller that does not love me back , 
the ruler's hindrance . 
The scorns of authority , 
and when matters that are crummy arrive to persevering persons of the good for nothing plunders . 
when the fellow himself might get things rolling himself to die with a metal sabre . 

whom would fardels bare to work deeply strenuous below a fatigued duration . 
We would not do so if we were not frightened of what results on the far side of annihilation , 
the homeland at a later time than our comprehension frustrates the desires 
and brings about us alternatively carry those sufferings we retain 
than haste to others we don't understand . 

Thus conscience will make babies of us all, 
and thus the innate tone of resolution is destroyed because we conceptualize about it too repeatedly 
and accomplishments with considerable vigor and substance speculating on this they variate their tactics 
and lose the handle of suicide . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 49

Why should I live on continuing like this ? That is the question ! 
Should I opt to continue suffering the fists and arrows of dreadful things that arrive , 
Or to come out against undeterred by a ocean of calamity and by fighting put the kibosh on them ? 
To die , to coma , not at all 
And by a rest to say we obliterate the sadness , and the agglomeration of customary scares that human nature is recipient to ! 
I hanker for this in excess of everything , To drown , to slumber 

While in this oblivion , I could possibly have a nightmare . That's where the rub may show ... 
for in that sleep of demise what bullshit could take effect 
when we pass away , must taper off the growth . 
There's the regard that forms catastrophe of so far-reaching duration . 

Why Should I push on dealing with the beatings and ridicule of time , 
sad people's outrage , the cocky fellows scorns . 
The anguish caused by bequeathing bestowing infatuation to a girl that does not bestow me affection back , 
the span it takes for a case to percolate through the courts . 
When citizens in positions of authoritativeness are imprudent to me , 
and the rebuffs that the even tempered deserve at the claws of the wretched . 
when the fellow himself may his extinction make with a scary scimitar . 

who may I ask would fardels bare to snort a good will underneath a exhasted duration . 
We would not do so if we were not intimidated of what takes place beyond mortality , 
the place after our acumen distracts our valor 
and arranges us alternately sholder those maladies we have 
than chance going to those we know not of . 

Thus moral sense could make skulkers of us all, 
and thus the innate tinge of one's own will is sicklied over with the ghastly cast of reflection 
and the matters we conclude in the sultriness of the occasion with this cause their streams shift 
and those we are deliberating about throughly bow out . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 50

To be or not to be ? I have to prepare for this ! 
Weather 'tis heroic in the spirit to put up with the beatings and shotguns of outrageous occurrence , 
Or to drop off a branch by reason of adversity and by being contrary to stop them ? 
To perish , to coma , not at all 
And by a hibernation to say we kill the depression , and the dozen spontaneous surprises that man kind is inheritor to ! 
I hanker for this in excess of life itself , To kick the bucket , to trance 

There is the chance that I could have a hallucination while I'm in this snooze . That's where the predicament may develop ... 
while I am in my sleep what dream may come 
when we have padded off this bitter creation , is destined to award us abeyance . 
There's the respect that forms catastrophe of so outstretched life . 

For who would take the offences that is collected , 
awful people's irritation , the narcissistic persons contemptuousness . 
The spasms provoked by gifting allegiance to a woman that does not award me devotion return wise , 
the time it takes for a argument to sieve through the kangaroo courts . 
The contumely of those in charge , 
and the spurns that the long suffering are entitled to are caused by the disreputable . 
when the suicidal man himself may induce himself to croak with a stripped sabre . 

who may I ask would fardels bare to heft hideous harassment underneath a wearing story . 
On the other hand that the fright of that thing successive to annihilation , 
the little-known land from where no trek reappears puzzles our spirit 
and leads to us instead heft those maladies we contain 
than bustle to others we don't understand . 

our information arranges us to reexamine all operation , 
and thus the native tone of one's volition is nauseated throughout with the faded cast of thought 
and the proceedings we conclude in the sultriness of the juncture wondering this they revise their aim 
and those we are deliberating about unanimously bow out . 



